SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING 
THE SOFTWARE LICENSED TO YOU. THE SOFTWARE AND ANY DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED TO YOU 
(COLLECTIVELY THE "SOFTWARE") COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT IS COPYRIGHTED AND IS 
LICENSED, NOT SOLD. THIS LICENSE REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT CONCERNING ALL 
LICENSED SOFTWARE BETWEEN YOU AND INTERACTIVETOOLS.COM INC. 
("INTERACTIVETOOLS.COM INC."), AND IT SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROPOSAL, 
REPRESENTATION, OR UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES. BY TAKING POSSESSION OF 
THE SOFTWARE, YOU AND YOUR COMPANY (COLLECTIVELY "YOU" OR "LICENSEE") ARE 
ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. SCOPE. You agree to take reasonable steps to keep in confidence and protect 
the Software from unauthorized copying or use. These steps include, without 
limitation, obtaining the agreement of all persons having access to the Software 
that they will respect the terms of this License and using the Software in such 
a way as to prevent unauthorized copying. Licensee agrees that it is fully 
responsible for the actions of each of its employees and agents with respect to 
the Software whether such individual is or was acting within the scope of his or 
her employment, and agrees to indemnify and save harmless Interactivetools.com 
Inc. from all loss and damages, however caused as a result of a breach of this 
license.

2. GRANT. Subject to receipt by interactivetools.com Inc. of the applicable 
licence fee, you are granted a non-exclusive right to use one copy of the 
Software only as authorized in this licence. You may use and execute one copy of 
the Software for your own benefit and purposes on one computer, owned, leased or 
controlled by you to create and manage content for one web site. You may assign 
your right to use the Software and content to a third party provided that you 
cease using your licenced copy of the Software and the content produced by it. 
You may not make additional copies of the Software, except for one copy for 
backup or archival purposes. Such copy is subject to this Agreement and shall 
contain all of Interactivetools.com Inc.'s notices regarding copyrights, 
trademarks and other proprietary rights as contained in the Software originally 
provided to you

3. RESTRICTED USE. You may not sub-license, share, rent, or lease your right to 
use the Software. You may not use the Software to create content for third 
parties, or that will be linked to or framed by other web sites related to you 
in any way, including without limitation other web sites created by you unless 
such other web sites or third parties have a separate license for the Software. 
You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, modify, translate, create 
derivative works, modify, decipher, or disassemble the Software for any reason. 
We confirm that the Software will electronically register itself with us, and 
you agree that we may monitor your use of the Software to ensure that you are 
complying with the terms of this licence, which monitoring may include accessing 
the web server on which the Software and content generated by it is deployed. 
You may not use the Software in a way that will result in any visible on-line 
notices relating to interactivetools.com's ownership of the Software or its 
trademarks, including "powered by" wording, being invisible to an on-line user. 
You will return or destroy all copies of the Software when your right to use it 
ends. If you wish to use the Software to create content for third parties or 
that third parties will link to, contact us at www.interactivetools.com for 
additional licences.

4. TITLE. Title, ownership rights, and all intellectual property rights in and 
to all Software licensed to you, including without limitation all images, html, 
and text incorporated into the Software, remains with Interactivetools.com Inc. 
You agree that we may list your website in our promotional material, including 
our website for as long as you are using the Software.

5. TRADEMARK/COPYRIGHT NOTICES. All copyright notices used throughout the 
Software, within the scripts and within the HTML that the scripts generate, must 
remain intact and cannot be altered and where applicable must remain visible on-
line to the human eye.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis, without 
warranty of any kind, including, without limitation, the warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The 
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is borne by you. 
Should the Software prove defective, you, and not Interactivetools.com Inc., 
assume the entire cost of any service and repair. This disclaimer of warranty 
constitutes an essential part of the agreement.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, 
TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL INTERACTIVETOOLS.COM INC. BE LIABLE TO YOU 
OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND 
ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN NO EVENT WILL INTERACTIVETOOLS.COM 
INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT PAID TO LICENSE THE 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY SHALL HAVE INFORMED 
INTERACTIVETOOLS.COM INC. OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM.

8. TERMINATION. This Agreement terminates immediately in the event of default by 
you. You and your permitted assigns agree that we may disable the Software 
without notice in the event that you breach the terms of this licence. You agree 
to indemnify us for reasonable attorney fees in enforcing our rights pursuant to 
this licence. Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately 
discontinue the use of the Software and shall within ten (10) days return to 
Interactivetools.com Inc. all copies of the Software or confirm that you have 
destroyed all copies of it. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by 
destroying the Software and all copies thereof. Your obligations to pay accrued 
charges and fees, if any, shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

9. INTERPRETATION. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be ignored only to the extent 
necessary to make this license enforceable, and such decision shall not affect 
the enforceability (i) of such provision under other circumstances or (ii) of 
the remaining provisions hereof under all circumstances. Headings shall not be 
considered in interpreting this Agreement. Any amendment to this agreement must 
be in writing and signed by both parties.

10. NO WAIVER. The failure of either party to enforce any rights granted 
hereunder or to take action against the other Party in the event of any breach 
hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver by that party as to subsequent 
enforcement of rights or subsequent actions in the event of future breaches.

11. APPLICABLE LAW. The laws of the Province of British Columbia and Canada 
govern this agreement.
